#1: Shroomie
#2: Nervous
#3: Flustered
#4: Flustered- Eyes Closed
#5: Shocked
#6: Flirty
#7: Thinking

#8: Babylon
#9: Cora
+1: Glowball
+2: Corpse Shroomie

@1: Cora- Attack (BG)
@2: Forest Gate (BG)
@3: Heart (BG)
@4: Knife (BG)

@5: Forest Clearing (BG)
@6: Forest Path (BG)
@7: Sky Rain (BG)
@8: Temple Room (BG)


White BG (really needed branch 19, 17, 14)
red BG (really needed for branch 17, 12, 14)
shroomie outline(branch 17)
really need red eyed cora (branch12)
black BG (branch 18)
Starry sky, no rain (branch 18)
pink swirl tinted forest clearing (branch15)
3's (branch 10)
Bab needs a soft glow
Bab eyes closed sprite (branch 19)
glowforest path (low priority branch6)


playtest notes:
Need specific click point for progressing
music controls

Title image
intro bg
Needs Moonlight for forest path on branch 3
Needs a starry night sky for branch 18
Needs a fading background for branch 19 

progressively whitening forest path for DT2
Female sillouette DT2
Red bg for dT2

Shroomie's description is almost comical due to how different her sprite is from her physical description. A bustier, more adult version with a highly sexualized pose needs to be drawn for her intro.

"gingerly places hand atop chest" need this sprite/bg
low priority, but holding out hands with the item she's holding cut off. on LJ1

need more caring and compasionate look for DT4 on shroomie. Her thinking pose is too broad of a stroke.
need eyes closing and tears streaming for DT4

Cora's ending needs lustful red eyes on cora sprite
Cora's ending needs blood red sky

Corpse lady needs a gaping bleeding hole over her heart

Compassionate look on shroomie for DT5, there are too many places to note, she needs this pose and all of her dialogue needs reevaluation

holding out hand maybe for dt6

flashing red would help with the fight scene on Gaia's end

red sky, gaia's ending

something far more intimate for Dt6 (and probably other routes) More than likely needs a bg closup of her body or something special painted

an interior shot along with 3's everywhere for Terra's end. Possibly make the architecture and writing match up to a ruined version of the final path's area

a special painting bg of you walking with Yara would help tremendously. This scene is all about feeling, and the sprite just doesn't convey it as well as it could.

CG of Yara looking straight at you for the serious bit.

CG of yara's hand would be swell.

Sprite or CG of Yara waving/winking

White light or swirling bg for yara end

as stated above, Willow's ending needs pink swirling BG to hit home the feeling of being drugged. Obviously more mature and intimate CG's in willow's end.

Willow giggle sprite (maybe an alteration of the flirty sprite)

intimate CG here should be a cutout of her curvy body, cut off from her moaning lips maybe breast pressed against shower kinda look? Shower sex, ect. swirling hazy bg, blurring effects... just some ideas

cg needs to fade to white for the future.